# MachineLearningBeginners

Through exploring the dataset from Kaggle, I embarked on a journey into the realm of machine learning, leveraging Google Colab, Jupyter Notebook, and Python.  https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/heesoo37/120-years-of-olympic-history-athletes-and-results. The teams file was used to predict future medals the countries may win. First the correlation between athletes and medals was studied and then the correlation between age and medals. There was a higher correlation between the number of athletes partaking in the olympis to the medals won, however age did not have a major factor to the amount of medals one. We see that through the linear regression plot. The more athletes, the higher the probability of winning a medal. Then the countries that had missing values, or null values were cleaned and sorted. The absolute values were used to prevent any negative values the data was rescaled. An error ratio histogram was used, which helped us see the frequency of won medals. Using the data from kaggle we were able to study correlation between countries who won medals versus those who didnt and we were able to predict how many medals they may win in the future. We can continue to build on this model by obtaining more data from individual countires, their athletes data, such as which athlete has won medals, their age, how many medals they won, how many years of practice they have, how were they scored, using this and creating a correlation standard to see if they'll partake in future olympic events we can formulate a better test to see which countries will win with a higher acccuracy rate. 
